Agile

MVP - Minimum viable product =
Fail quicly/fail cheaply

Customer is involved

Agile is values and principles

Agile practices include SCRUM and Kanban

EPIC
https://www.atlassian.com/agile/project-management/epics-stories-themes

Indivduals + Interactions over Process and Tools

Working software over comprehensive docs

Customer collaboration over contract negotiation

Responding to changes over following a plan

Agile practices
- SCRUM
- Kanban
EPIC

Product Backlog is the result of the user story
Registration Login -> Book appointment -> Recieve confirmation -> Go to appointment -> Doctor Logs -> Confirmation of service recieved -> Feedback
Build MVP from backlog (essentials from 2 weeks)

Product Owner responsible for the story/todo/backlog

Product Backlog (User stories) -> Release Backlog (for MVP) -> Sprints -> Product backlog refinment -> Alpha,Beta,Live

SCRUM Master is the remover of obstales (budget, software requirements etc)


Product Backlog 
Collection of User Stories

Release Backlog
Prioritise use stories for a release

Sprint Backlog
Short duration milestones that allow teams to tackle manageable chunk of the project

Whole team responsible for deciding what is a managle chunk size for the project

SCRUM Board
During sprints, you assign task to yourself that you feel confident taking on. The tasks gets put into "In Progress" Column.
Your task is then reviewed before being pushed for released. Then is moved in to the "Done" Column


SCRUM Ceremonies/Rituals
1. Sprint planning - Sit down and think about how you're going to do the sprint
2. Standups What you did yesterday, what you're going to do today, do you have any blockers
3. Sprint Reviews (Show and Tell) - Customer gives feedback
4. Sprint Retrosepctive - Dev team looks at their previes work (only dev team)
5. Product Backlong Refinement

Sprint Burndow Chart - Estimate difficulty and accumulation of pointns vs time
Burndown velocity - the speed as which tasks are being completed

CI/CD - Contninious Integration(Improvement)/Contninious Development(Delivery)]

Kanban focues on continous development
Kanban is ideal for constant task priority changes

SCRUM is more flexible
SCRUM is idea for projects


Kanban not useful for not starting project. Agile is the one to use for gettinga project starting and delivering an mvp.

What is lean
In short, Lean methodology is a way of optimizing the people, resources, effort, and energy of your organization toward creating value for the customer. It is based on two guiding tenets, continuous improvement and respect for people.

4 stages of development Dev - Testing - Staging - Live